# Group reflection for group Weedle (Week 2)

## Customer value and Scope

### The chosen scope of the application under development including the priority of features and for whom you are creating value

**B**: Currently we only have a simple template for the application, altough it is possible to start the application and see some things on the screen of your phone. This provides value for both us as developers as well as our product owner. The chosen scope is currently quite small as we are still learning a lot and getting into the project. 

**B**: Have a larger scope where we complete more user stories that provides increased value towards our product owner instead of ourselves as this first week has. 

**A->B**: Reflect over what we have done this far get a better understanding of the tools we are going to use throughout the project and to get more familliar with the development environment. 

### The success criteria for the team in terms of what you want to achieve within the project (this can include the application, but also your learning outcomes, your teamwork, or your effort)

**A**: This week we've had a relatively small velocity curve due to us still having a lot left to learn about the frameworks and tools we're going to use throughout the course. Therefor the success criteria this week has been focused on learning said tools and frameworks whilst still providing to the product owner.

**B**: Next week our success criteria will be to complete more user stories than this week as we will hopefully be more comfortable with the development environment. In the future we would also like our success to be more focused on SCRUM.

**A->B**: We continue to develop technically so that we can start focusing more on the process whilst we keep increasing our velocity. 

### Your user stories in terms of using a standard pattern, acceptance criteria, task breakdown and effort estimation and how this influenced the way you worked and created value

**A**: This week we setup a number of user stories, however the acceptance critera, task breakdown and effort estimation didn't get properly written down this week. They were also sort of random due to us not yet having a good point of reference. This lead to some basic work but also a conflict due to two pairs (in pair programming) having two different points of view on a user story which lead to less effective value creation.

**B**: For the future we need to specify our user stories more precisely with properly denoted estimates and task breakdown. 

**A->B**: On monday (on our next sprint planning meeting) we are going to go through all our user stories and 'upgrade' them as well as adding more user stories hopefully better written from the start. 

### Your acceptance tests, such as how they were performed, with whom, and which value they provided for you and the other stakeholders

**A**: The acceptance tests for this week has not yet been carried out, this will be done on monday when we finish the current sprint and start the new one. 

**B**: We want all our acceptance tests to make sure that we have done what were supposed to and that the work we've carried out provides value for our customers and/or ourselves. 

**A->B**: In the future we want to do our group reflections on mondays so that we can do it in middle of ending the current sprint and starting the next one and therefor having done our acceptance tests before this reflection is created. 

### The three KPIs you use for monitoring your progress and how you use them to improve your process

**A**: The three KPIs we've decided to use:

  - All members of the group say a number between 1-5 that denote how stressed they currently are, due to the work in this course. 1 Denoting that the group member don't think about this course at all when not working on it and 5 being that the group member is unable to sleep due to the work in this course. This week the average stress level of the members of the group was ~2.42 which is in the lower half of the scale and therefor seems reasonable.
  
  - Test coverage, of which we currently have none and therefor we have a score of 0% test coverage (very bad!).
  
  - Velocity, our estimates where very vague this week and therefor this has been quite hard to decide altough we can in the future reference the estimates on the user stories we've completed this week. The estimated points completed this week is 59. 

**B**:
  - Stress: the goal is that the average lies between 2-3 as it denotes that the group is doing work but still isn't overwhelmed.
  - Test coverage: Our goal is to have at least 70% test coverage of our code.
  - Next week we want to focus more on getting a better estimate and that our velocity in the future better reflect the sprint board we setup each week. 

**A->B**:
  - Stress: The current stress level is matching our goal for the project. Our stress level will most likely decrease as we get more familiar and comfortable with the tools and development environment therefor we want to increase our workload gradualy so that we keep our stress level as it is.

## Social Contract and Effort

### Your social contract i.e., the rules that define how you work together as a team, how it influenced your work, and how it evolved during the project (this means, of course, you should create one in the first week and continuously update it when the need arrives)

**A**: We have this far followed the contract which has given us some structure and done some things to smooth out the group work. We have this far done some revisions and added some small points to it during the last few weeks. 

**B**: The social contract should be closely connected to the work we do in the course, currently there are still things that we've decided verbally that needs to be written down, these still need to be located and formulated properly.

**A->B**: We need to be aware of the problem and make sure that we write down verbal agrements in the group.

### The time you have spent on the course and how it relates to what you delivered (so keep track of your hours so you can describe the current situation)

**A**: Every member of the group has worked on the course for about 15-20 hours this week. This far we haven't delivered much but we've learned a lot and we did not expect to deliver much this week.

**B**: The goal is that every member puts in 20 hours a week into the course. 

**A->B**: We keep having around 10 hours of scheduled work/meetings every week, this means that the rest of the 10 hours is up to every individual to make sure that they put in the work required. 

## Design decisions and product structure

### How your design decisions (e.g., choice of APIs, architecture patterns, behaviour) support customer value

**A**: We have decided on some frameworks to use and that we're going to create a mobile application. The most valuable use of the application for the customer is when they're outside and therefor a mobile application fits this the most.

**B**: All design decisions should provide maximum value for the customer. 

**A->B**: Evaluate all the design decisions the group takes based on how customer value it provides.

### Which technical documentation you use and why (e.g. use cases, interaction diagrams, class diagrams, domain models or component diagrams, text documents)

**A**: We currently don't have any techincal documents.

**B**: We want to have techincal documents that makes our work easier.

**A->B**: We're going to write a component diagram. 

### How you use and update your documentation throughout the sprints

**A**: We currently do not have any documentation.

**B**: Everything is suffciently documented, meaning everything is reasonably understandable to at least the members of the group. The documentation should be written and updated when work is done on the component for which the documentation exists.

**A->B**: We shall write in our code conventions (in the social contract) the same as B.

### How you ensure code quality and enforce coding standards

**A**: We require code reviews from at least 3 other people when trying to merge into the development or master branch.

**B**: We want to have proper tests for the project as well as continous integration and linting.

**A->B**: We set up the things we described in B, starting on monday.

## Application of Scrum

### The roles you have used within the team and their impact on your work

**A**: We currently have a scrum master, product owner and vice product owner. The role of the vice product owner is the look at the code from the main product owner. The scrum master has currently been helpful in making sure the project flows smoothly. The product owners participated in the creation of the product backlog and sprint board and will also do acceptance tests on monday. 

**B**: The roles we have provide maximum value to the group and the project. 

**A->B**: We need to work on more precisely defining the responsibilities of the roles as well as improving the producedures of the members to better integrate their work into the scrum workflow. We should also evalute how well the roles are working and how much value they provide.

### The agile practices you have used and their impact on your work

**A**: We are currently in the middle of the first sprint and have tried to follow the scrum practises we've been thought such as having daily scrum, weekly reflections both individualy and groupwise. We've also began work on creating user stories as well as refining them. Since we are not yet fluent in our scrum workflow the workflow has been a bit encumbered by the scrum workflow.

**B**: We want to be fluent in our scrum workflow.

**A->B**: Take what we've learned this week and try to apply it next week by among other things better refining our user stories. 


### The sprint review and how it relates to your scope and customer value (in the first weeks in terms of the outcome of the current week's exercise; in later weeks in terms of your meetings with the product owner)

**A**: We have not yet done any sprint reviews as our first sprint finished on monday. 

**B**: To improve our workflow for future sprints. 

**A->B**: We are going to have our first sprint review on monday, from that we can take the experiences from the previous sprint to improve the workflow in future sprints. From that we can also review how it relates to our scope and customer value.

### Best practices for learning and using new tools and technologies (IDEs, version control, scrum boards etc.; do not only describe which tools you used but focus on how you developed the expertise to use them)

**A**: We are using visual studio code, git and github+zenhub as IDE, version control and scrum board respectivly. We have had multiple workshops and lectures to help all members of the group learn these tools. We've also done pair programming sessions and done tutorials individually to learn these things. 

**B**: We use optimal practises for learning and using the tools we use in the project.

**A->B**: We test and evalute the practises we've used each week and see how we can improve them for future weeks.

### Relation to literature and guest lectures (how do your reflections relate to what others have to say?)

**A**: We have taken part of the course litteratures (Scrum and XP from the Trenches) that touches on the topics that we've touched upon this week we have also attended all lectures this far. We've had the things we've heard and read in mind when we've refleflected upon our work.

**B**: Our reflections should give us critical insight into our workflow and help us improve upon our work.

**A->B**: We should evalute wether or not our reflections gives us the information we need.
