# Third weeks reflection.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**: Currently I feel that I've started to understand the libraries/frameworks we've decided to use (not including those I already feel comfortable with). 

**B**: I know as much as I can about the processes/libraries/frameworks that will be used in the course (and possibly more).

**A -> B**: Keep working with the frameworks to get more comfortable with them and possibly read / experiment more about / with future frameworks / libraries that we may use.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A**: I may have more experience with the language we are currently using in the project than the person I'm pair programming with.

**B**: Everyone in the group can work efficiently on their own.

**A -> B**: I've been and will continue to pair program with another member of the group with the purpose of helping eachother better understand different aspects of the project.

## What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

**A**: We're about half way through our first sprint and have had multiple meetings discussing how we should be doing different (scrum related) things such as writing user stories, completeing said user stories, reflecting upon our work (partially in this reflection). I've also participated in daily scrum every day this week.  

**B**: I know and work smoothly in the scrum style.

**A->B**: I will continue to attend group meetings and keep reflecting upon all the work I as well the group as a whole does in the course.

## What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

**A**: I've been a part of a pair that have taken upon us to complete a user story to show a list of parking spots. I've also done my part in making sure that I and the group turn in the documents that are deadlined this week (of which this reflection is one).

**B**: The group has turned in all the things that have deadlines this week and is progressing forwards with the project with a reasonable velocity. 

**A -> B**: I will tomorrow (13/4) sit together with another member of the group and complete the user story that we've been assigned this week.
