# Third weeks reflection.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**: As of now I've started to feel more comfortable with the actual development environment and instead focus more on how we work as a group as well as our processes for getting results.

**B**: We as a group as well as me as an individual in that group work at our maximum efficiency.

**A -> B**: Reflect on what has gone well and what could've gone better (which I/we already do constantly, partially through this reflection).
 
## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A**: Some in the group may still not feel completely comfortable with the development environment and the language we're using.

**B**: Everyone in the group can work efficiently with their given/taken tasks on their own.

**A -> B**: I have and will continue to try be available on answering questions and helping other group members in their work so that they can learn the language/development environment we are using.

## What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

**A**: We are now almost finished with our second sprint during which I've particiapated in all the group meetings that we've had as well as daily scrum each day. I have also constantly reflected upon my own as well as the groups work to help develop our knowledge and use of scrum. 

**B**: Both me and the rest of the group know and work smoothly in the scrum style.

**A->B**: I will continue to attend group meetings and keep reflecting upon all the work I as well the group as a whole does in the course.

## What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

**A**: I have completed my part of a user story to list all nearby parking spots in a searchable list. My part was to gather and provide the data for the list from real sources and also make this data easily available for everyone in the group.

**B**: The group has turned in all the things that have deadlines this week and is progressing forwards with the project with a reasonable velocity. 

**A -> B**: After this reflection is done I am done as well as our "end of sprint" meeting tomorrow I have completed all the work that I've been assigned this sprint as well as helped the group complete the tasks that we need to do together.
