# Fifth weeks reflection.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**: Increase the efficiency of our sprint planning meetings as they currently are taking quite a bit longer than they are supposed to.

**B**: Our sprint planning meetings are relatively quick and efficient whilst also providing the group with a well laid out plan for the upcomming sprint.

**A -> B**: We have as a group decided that everyone should sometime during the sprint read the chapter in the course litterature about sprint planning.
 
## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A**: I don't currently know of anything concrete that other/the entire team can learn. 

**B**: Everyone in the group can work efficiently with their given/taken tasks on their own.

**A -> B**: I try to always help other group members whenever I can to help the group / members of the group progress in their work.

## What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

**A**: We (as a group) are doing our best to follow the Scrum guidelines, however we do not yet fully know how to use them properly in all situations and are probably doing many things wrong. For example we have (as mentioned in Q1) noticed some ineffciencies in our sprint planning meetings.

**B**: The group can use scrum to in a highly efficient way work together and develop well functioning software.

**A->B**: A part from trying to apply scrum as well as keep scrum in mind in everything I do in the course, I have also (as have the rest of the group) read quite a bit in the course litterature which has immensly helped in giving good examples and new points of views of different parts of scrum.

## What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

**A**: I have (together with another group member) implemented a user-story that adds the ability to search for a location and get a list of parkingspots near that location. A part from this I've also been a part of creating the group reflection as well as this individual reflection for this week.

**B**: Same as A (yay!)

**A->B**: I believe myself to contribute what is expected of me in this course, therefor just keep working as I do currently should be sufficient.
