# Sixth weeks reflection.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**: This upcomming sprint is our last sprint and therefor I want to focus this sprint on how to finish of the project, something that may not be completely along the scrum guidelines which I've understood to be more focused on continous, neverending projects.

**B**: We finish of the projectt with something we feel is a finished and reasonable product from the conditions.

**A -> B**: On our sprint planning session tomorrow (20/5) we will have to focus on prioritizing user stories and other work to reflect such a finished product.
 
## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

(This hasn't really changed the last week)

**A**: I don't currently know of anything concrete that other/the entire team can learn. 

**B**: Everyone in the group can work efficiently with their given/taken tasks on their own.

**A -> B**: I try to always help other group members whenever I can to help the group / members of the group progress in their work.

## What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

**A**: I believe that our group has reached a certain level of understanding for Scrum and how to work along it's guidelines, however there is of course always things that can be improved.

**B**: The group can use scrum to in a highly efficient way work together and develop well functioning software.

**A->B**: A part from trying to apply scrum as well as keep scrum in mind in everything I do in the course, keep doing my best to keep Scrum in mind in everything that we do and also help remind the group whenever I feel that we may be going of track so to say.

## What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

(Same as the previous week)

**A**: I have (together with another group member) implemented a user-story that adds the ability to search for a location and get a list of parkingspots near that location. A part from this I've also been a part of creating the group reflection as well as this individual reflection for this week.

**B**: Same as A (yay!)

**A->B**: I believe myself to contribute what is expected of me in this course, therefor just keep working as I do currently should be sufficient.
