# Second weeks reflection.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**: How to efficiently structure the user stories into tasks and estimate these using methods in scrum.

**B**: Feel confident in my knowledge in how we are to use scrum in our project.

**A -> B**: Activly search for knowledge. Seek help from group members more knowledgable than me and activly try to learn from all sources.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A**: I have knowledge nad experience of some of the tools we are to use and should activly share my knowledge with my group members so that we can focus on learning about our process.

**B**: Everyone feels that they can contribute to the project in a meaningful way while efficiently working with scrum. 

**A -> B**: We actively hold internal workshops to share our already aqcuired knowledge and we encourage each other to try and learn more.

## What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

**A**: Active participation in group meetings discussing our process. In our meeting this monday where we created our User stories we rushed through it and they came out somewhat lackluster. Mainly we failed in out task breakdown and esitmation. Our acceptance criteria was okey but can improve aswell.

**B**: We create user stories with great detail. They have a complete task breakdown and clearly defined acceptance criteria. We also make our estimates in a calculated manner where all members of the group can share their thoughts.

**A -> B**: We try not to rush though the user story creation just because we are short on time but instead schedule a new time for when we finish our stories. We also listen everyone's opinions and weigh them all against one another.

## What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

**A**: Attending meetings, and being a resource for all others in the group. There are times people get stuck with their work and this week my task was aid those in need. I mainly studied how we are supposed to implement storage.

**B**: Efficiently work with tasks and user stories to produce deliveries with value for the group and product owner.

**A -> B**: Create user stories to make actual developing possible. Otherwise keep the pace up and dont stop helping the group progress.
