### *Enligt diskussion med H책kan, best채mdes det att forts채tta med reflektionerna efter omtentavecka och p책skledighet.*

# Forth weeks reflection.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**: How to better write typescript and more efficiently work when I set time aside. I also want to further improve my understanding of scrum in the same way as last week.

**B**: Have confidence in working with scrum and typescript. Also being able to effectively work when time is set aside.

**A -> B**: Actively search for knowledge. Seek help from group members. When I sit down with group members and work I seem to be able to focus much better. So by working with other people, I can force myself to become more productive. 

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A**: I have knowledge and experience of some of the tools we are to use and should actively share my knowledge with my group members so that we can focus on learning about our process.

**B**: Everyone feels that they can contribute to the project in a meaningful way while efficiently working with Scrum. 

**A -> B**: We actively hold internal workshops to share our already acquired knowledge and we encourage each other to try and learn more.

## What is my contribution to the team's use of Scrum?

**A**: Active participation in group meetings discussing our process. Our user stories were much better than the week before but we still have some issues we need to resolve. Mainly we failed in our task breakdown which didn't exist. Our acceptance criteria were okay but can improve as well.

**B**: We create user stories with great detail. They have a complete task breakdown and clearly defined acceptance criteria. We also make our estimates in a calculated manner where all members of the group can share their thoughts.

**A -> B**: We create a schedule in advance to give each part of our sprint planning the time it needs. By doing so we can avoid the issue of a shortage of time and spend the time we have in a better way. 

## What is my contribution to the team's deliveries?

**A**: I was one of few who failed to deliver this week. Mainly because I started working to late and encountered problems i couldn't solve.

**B**: Efficiently work with tasks and user stories to produce deliveries with value for the group and product owner.

**A -> B**: Better plan my time and seek better help from group members when in need.
