# Fifth weeks reflection.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**: How to better write typescript and more efficiently work when I set time aside. I also want to further improve my understanding of scrum in the same way as last week. Working together worked really good and i was more productive.

**B**: Have confidence in working with scrum and typescript. Also being able to effectively work when time is set aside.

**A -> B**: Actively search for knowledge. Seek help from group members. When I sit down with group members and work I seem to be able to focus much better. So by working with other people, I can force myself to become more productive. 

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A**: I have knowledge and experience of some of the tools we are to use and should actively share my knowledge with my group members so that we can focus on learning about our process.

**B**: Everyone feels that they can contribute to the project in a meaningful way while efficiently working with Scrum. 

**A -> B**: We actively hold internal workshops to share our already acquired knowledge and we encourage each other to try and learn more. Those who have a hard time learning is given the support they need 

## What is my contribution to the team's use of Scrum?

**A**: Active participation in group meetings discussing our process. Our user stories were much better than the week before but we still have some issues we need to resolve regarding success criteria and task breakdown. We created a schedule to make better us of time during out monday meeting.

**B**: We create user stories with great detail. They have a complete task breakdown and clearly defined acceptance criteria. We also make our estimates in a calculated manner where all members of the group can share their thoughts.

**A -> B**: Read more about Scrum using the various course litterature.

## What is my contribution to the team's deliveries?

**A**: Working together worked really good and i was more productive. Vidde and I finished our user-story which worked out great. I still have problems with finding time, but when i do it works out fine.

**B**: Efficiently work with tasks and user stories to produce deliveries with value for the group and product owner.

**A -> B**: Better plan my time and seek better help from group members when in need.
