# Seventh weeks reflection.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**: How to better write typescript and more efficiently work when I set time aside. WhenI last week was given the task of finding and eliminating a bug i quickly discovered how hard it is to find some of the more peskier bugs and realized that I want to become better at this.

**B**: Have confidence in working with scrum and typescript. Also being able to effectively work when time is set aside. Having more confidence and understanding regarding how to eliminate bugs.

**A -> B**: Actively search for knowledge. Seek help from group members. Actively take tasks which require some sort of analysis of the code base and read up on methods to handle bugs.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A**: I have knowledge and experience of some of the tools we are to use and should therefore actively share my knowledge with my group members so that we can focus on learning about our process.

**B**: Everyone feels that they can contribute to the project in a meaningful way while efficiently working with Scrum. 

**A -> B**: We actively hold internal workshops to share our already acquired knowledge and we encourage each other to try and learn more. Those who have a hard time learning is given the support they need.

## What is my contribution to the team's use of Scrum?

**A**: Active participation in group meetings discussing our process. When do backlog refinement we usually have one designated person that takes notes while all the others discuss. In the case of a huge task breakdown this approach results in wasted time for the rest of the group when they wait for the one who takes notes to finish. Our user stories weren't quite as good this sprint since we had a slew of different bugs which all needed to be solved, and because of the amount of task breakdowns that needed to be created we did not have the time to properly flesh them out and describe them in detail. 

**B**: We create user stories with great detail. They have a complete task breakdown and clearly defined acceptance criteria. We also make our estimates in a calculated manner where all members of the group can share their thoughts.

**A -> B**: Read more about Scrum using the various course literature. We could have split the group in two and in the two separate groups created drafts for all the user stories and bugs that we had to finish. Then, in full group, reviewed all our drafts and rewrite them as need be. This could save us time since we now have two who takes notes and to halve the amount of people who discuss is a reasonable sacrifice.

## What is my contribution to the team's deliveries?

**A**: I had 4 bugs to solve this week and managed to solve them all but I did not work for a total of 20 hours which I am a little disappointed of.

**B**: Efficiently work with tasks and user stories to produce deliveries with value for the group and product owner.

**A -> B**: Remember to take new tasks to solve if I got time left over. Do not get complacent just because everything worked out better than expected.
