
# Week 7 individual reflection by Adam

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A:** From this project I can take away that the implementations matter a lot more than I initially estimate and that sometimes a lot of research is needed before a decision should be made.

**B:** When choosing future implementations I should not rush things but take my time and consult everyone regarding it so we can have a smoother transition.

**A->B:** Be mindful of what I can take away from this project and try my best to use this experience as a base to build better products in the future.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A:** Our junior programmers have basically graduated throughout this course, by working with them in a group, always being on hand and making sure that they dare to try they have adopted a lot of new knowledge quickly throughout the course.

**B:** Members who need help should always be comfortable asking for it and be able to recieve it quickly thanks to good and stable communication channels that quickly facilitate said communication.

**A->B:** In future projects put weight on said communication and try to make clear to everyone early that making an error is okay and that every project is a learning experience for every member, regardless of experience and/or knowledge.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

**A:** In this project our scrum workflow came together a bit later than I would have liked regarding some points, but in the end we managed to evolve said workflow to a point where I think our contribution and communication became close to as good as possible.

**B:** The scrum workflow should start as early as possible in the project due to how much it gives and how it helps our team evolve as individuals and identify issues.

**A->B:** Try to put a focus on the scrum workflow in future projects, make sure everyone understands the value of it and that it is followed by real life meetings as soon as possible in said project, also try to make time schedueling a big focus.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

**A:** My contribution during the project came a lot in the form of refactoring, bugfixing, helping individuals and not as much as feature development.

**B:** Personally I would have liked to develop features much more, but honestly I also feel that helping out is a big part of making a group work as smoothly as possible and delivering a project, maybe both things are attainable?

**A->B:** Try to make time for both, maybe look into time allotment and see if it is possible to do both things during a project.

**Enligt diskussion med Håkan, bestämdes det att fortsätta med reflektionerna efter omtentavecka och påskledighet.**
