# Week 3 individual reflection by Pontus Lindblom

## What do I want to learn or understand better?
**A:** I have gotten acquainted with the frameworks we use in the project by pair programming and following guides.

**B:** I will have better knowledge of the frameworks and I have moved away from pair programming.

**A->B:** I need to continue to follow guides and use the frameworks actively.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
**A:** As we have used frameworks this week that I have no prior knowledge of I haven't been able to help the team learn something new.

**B:** I have enough knowledge of the frameworks to be of some help when a group member gets stuck.

**A->B:** I need to continue to follow guides and use the frameworks actively.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
**A:** As a Scrum master I've made sure the meetings were prepared properly and that the group members keep their deadlines. By being an active part of all discussions I was able to make sure that the decisions we made were in line with the use of Scrum.

**B:** I am comfortable in my role as Scrum master and execute my tasks fluently.

**A->B:** I need to keep doing what I do as a Scrum master and evaluate what works well, and what doesn't.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
**A:** I've pair programmed and made progress on the user story I work on. Since I've also prepare meeting documents and updated the social contract with our new decisions, the group have been able to focus on their user stories.

**B:** I'm still pair programming, but at a higher pace than before.

**A->B:** I need to keep using / learning the frameworks, and thus becoming more productive.
