### *Enligt diskussion med Håkan, bestämdes det att fortsätta med reflektionerna efter omtentavecka och påskledighet.*

# Week 4 individual reflection by Pontus Lindblom

## What do I want to learn or understand better?
**A:** I've learned to work more individually in the project by being forced to program on my own. 

**B:** I want to specifically learn more about coding JavaScript, as this would have helped me program more efficiently.

**A->B:** I need to sit down and experiment with TypeScript.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
**A:** I was an active part in reflecting on the earlier week and did my best to develop a new strategy for the coming sprints, which will help us learn new effective ways to work.

**B:** By actively reflecting on the team's work I will be able to provide accurate feedback that helps the team develop new efficient ways to work.

**A->B:** By taking time to reflect on what we wanted to do / learn and what we actually did / learned, I will be able to see what how we are performing and help to adjust how we work as soon as things go wrong.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
**A:** I participated in the planning to make sure we follow the workflow of Scrum and I did my part as the Scrum Master.

**B:** I will have reflected on our process to the extent that my use of Scrum is fluent, and will be an example for others in the team so they can learn and implement what works good for me.

**A->B:** I need to reflect on my use of Scrum and how I can change my work-process to better adept to it.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
**A:** I completed big parts of my user story.

**B:** I will have completed my earlier user story and possibly even completed a new short user story.

**A->B:** I simply need to spend time with coding and completing the tasks that has been assigned to me.
