# Week 5 individual reflection by Pontus Lindblom

## What do I want to learn or understand better?
**A:** I've leared more about the code in our project and how the different files communicate with each other.

**B:** I know more about TypeScript and how it actually functions.

**A->B:** By taking a user story that involves many small elements I will be able to learn to put the pieces together.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
**A:** I did not teach the team anything they didn't know before.

**B:** I've payed extra attention to the application of SCRUM to my work and will be able to convey to the group what worked good for me.

**A->B:** I need to pay attention to the SCRUM parctices when I work.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
**A:** By actively reviewing pull requests I've made sure that people have had the possibility to follow their daily scrum.

**B:** I've kept on reviewing the pull requests fast and I've made sure that our social contract is up to date so that it supports an efficient work flow.

**A->B:** I need to keep an active eye on GitHub and also spend some time with the social contract and reflect on its content.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
**A:** I've fulfilled my user story and I've review pull requests frequently.

**B:** I've fulfilled another user story and kept on reviewing pull requests.

**A->B:** I need to keep doing what I do, since it works fine.
