# Week 6 individual reflection by Pontus Lindblom

## What do I want to learn or understand better?
**A:** I've learned much more about TypeScript as there have been much struggle this week in getting the user story to work properly.

**B:** I've learned how to handle our Store where we store data.

**A->B:** I will try to do a user story that focuses on saving its data in the Store, and as such I learn how to use it.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
**A:** By reading litterature that handles sprint planning I've been able to influence our process in a way that the litterature describes.

**B:** My knowledge of graphical design will help the team apply good design to their user stories which is important in the coming sprint.

**A->B:** By actively reviewing PRs I will be able to quickly give feedback and make sure we adjust the design so that it follows the design patterns in that art.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
**A:** I've suggested changes in the social contract so that our daily scrums actually reflect what we've agreeded upon.

**B:** I'm an active part in all work process discussions to make sure that we keep following the Scrum practices.

**A->B:** By actively reflecting on our process and our discussions I'll do my best to make sure we don't stray away from what works with Scrum.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
**A:** I've reviewed PRs and completed most parts of my user story (which is ready for a part-delivery). As a Scrum master I've also made sure we follow our deadlines.

**B:** I've completed the rest of my user story and have been an active part working on our presentation, and also done some preperations for the final group reflection.

**A->B:** I need to dive into our Store and learn how it works to complete the user story, and I also need to look into and keep up to date with the presentation and final group reflection documents.
