# Erik Johnsson individual reflection W3.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**: I've created tests for other languages and frameworks but have no experience with the
testing frameworks we have decided to use for this project (jest and enzyme).

**B**: I am able to efficiently write tests with jest/enzyme.

**A -> B**: By doing looking at the APIs and experimenting.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A**: I have done pair-programming sessions with Teif Alsadi where i have tried to explain what I know about the tools/framworks we are using.

**B**: Be at a point where the group members who aren't as experienced with our tools/frameworks can work semi-independently.

**A -> B**: By continuing with the pair-programming for the forseeable future.

## What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

**A**: I was active during the creation this sprint's user stories as well as during the writing of the team reflection. 
However the user stories were a bit rushed and we didn't get around to breaking them down into tasks which resulted in some confusion between two pairs.

**B**: The user stories going forward are clearer.

**A -> B**: By pushing the team to work more on the user-stories (as well as working on them myself) during the workshop on Monday.

## What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

**A**: Teif and I have worked on the booking-button user story which will most likely be delivered before the end of the sprint. 

**B**: Continue to deliver value by working on user stories.

**A -> B**: By continuing to assign and work on a number of user stories corresponding to my velocity each sprint.
