# First weeks reflection.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**:  I am unsure how well the application scales with a large number of parking spots. And how to make it scale better.

**B**:  I know how to best make the application scale with a large number of parking spots.

**A -> B**: By doing research and trying out different set solutions.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A**:  Some group members appear to have become stuck on different problems relating to the implementations of last week's user-stories.

**B**:  All group members are able to contribute to the team's deliveries.

**A -> B**: By helping group members with their specific problems.

## What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

**A**:  I've actively participated in all group activities this sprint. Including the creation of new user-stories which were clearer and more detailed than the last sprint's. However there have been vocal complaints aimed towards last weeks sprint review.

**B**:  Next sprint's sprint-review is better.

**A -> B**: By helping the team to reflect on what changes are needed to better our process.

## What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

**A**:  I've completed (for review by the PO) the implemetation of the user-story I was assigned this sprint.

**B**:  I continue to contribute towards the team's deliveries.

**A -> B**: By taking on user-stories each sprint to match my personal velocity.
