### *Enligt diskussion med H책kan, best채mdes det att forts채tta med reflektionerna efter omtentavecka och p책skledighet.*

# Fifth weeks reflection.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**: Our testing software (jest and enzyme) doesn't work as I expected it to.

**B**: I would like to learn how to use our testing software to be able to ensure that my code isn't broken.

**A -> B**: Do research online and discuss with other group members.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A**: I've tried to answer as many project related questions on the Slack channel as possible.

**B**: I want to share my knowledge with other team members in a more efficient setting.

**A -> B**: Last meeting it was decided that going forward we should have more group programming sessions. By participating in these it would be possible to help others in a more productive way that via text-messaging.

## What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

**A**: I've participated in all group activities as well as written my personal reflection.

**B**: Since a large and important part of our scrum-related group activities has been sprint planning i would like to be able to provide more input on how to better design and breakdown our user stories.

**A -> B**: By reading the chapter on sprint planning from the course literature.

## What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

**A**: I've worked on and finished implementing the user story I assigned myself, namely the Rent Page. Which is where users can specify a car and end time for their parking session.  

**B**: Continue to contribute towards the team's deliveries in the same pace. (Same as last week)

**A -> B**: By taking on user-stories each sprint to match my personal velocity. (Same as last week)