
# Sixth weeks reflection.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**: Most core functionality already implemented in the app, but a lot of the interfaces, especially the map, are slow and unresponsive.

**B**: I would like to learn more about how to improve performance and responsiveness.

**A -> B**: Doing research online, trying out different solutions.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A**: I've continued to answer as many slack questions as possible and also participated in one of the two group programming sessions.

**B**: For any team member if they have a problem which I might be able to help solve I should be able to help in an effective and educational manner.

**A -> B**: Continue forward steady as she goes, possibly suggest more reading homework for the rest of the team.

## What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

**A**: Outside of participating in all group activities as well as written my personal reflection, I also read the chapter on sprint planning in the course literature (which we as a group decided to do as homework for the next sprint). Which proved helpful during the planning of this current sprint.

**B**: The team is able to effectively use SCRUM to develop high quality software while still staying agile.

**A -> B**: Continue forward steady as she goes, possibly suggest more reading homework for the rest of the team. (same as for question b)

## What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

**A**: This week I've worked on and finished implementing an "about us" page, as well as started work on implementing map clustering. Which is taking more time than was expected in the beginning of the sprint. This mainly because of problems with some of the external libraries for handling clustering.

**B**: Continue to contribute towards the team's deliveries in the same pace. (Same as last week)

**A -> B**: By taking on user-stories each sprint to match my personal velocity. (Same as last week)
