# Seventh weeks reflection.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**: Our automated testing has been getting worse and worse consecutively each sprint. This mostly because most people (me included) still aren't comfortable with the provided UI testing frameworks and can not get them to work. This has caused some minor problems when sometimes merging multiple branches has caused parts of the program to stop working.

**B**: For future projects get more comfortable with the testing frameworks for whatever platform we decide on.

**A -> B**: Reading documentation and looking at how other projects have implemented tests.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A**: This sprint I've mostly answered slack questions since we haven't had any group programming sessions because of lack of time.

**B**: For future projects be able to help other more efficiently.

**A -> B**: Have more group programming sessions since in my opinion they proved to be very helpful for many group member.

## What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

**A**: Participated in group activities such as demo, sprint planning, meetings etc.

**B**: For future projects using scrum be able to share insights on how to more efficiently use scrum.

**A -> B**: Place more importance on sprint planning and backlog refinement since it really helped the team with coordinating and making sure everyone was on the same page.

## What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

**A**: I finished the map grouping user story which improved performance immensely (actually made the program useable). And also made some other smaller bug fixes and performance fixes.

**B**: Continue to contribute towards the team's deliveries for future projects.

**A -> B**: By taking on user-stories each sprint to match my personal velocity (Same as last sprint). This taking into account how much time I am able to spend on the project for said sprint. 
